# NFkB and IRF-3 Module 
This script is MATLAB reconstruction for the mathematical model constructed in the manuscript "A Mathematical Model for the Co-activation of Inflammatory Genes Mediated by NF-κB and IRF-3 Following Viral Infections".
This repository consists of four MATLAB scripts and an output external file described as follows.
1. Nuclear Factor Kappa B Signaling Pathway(NFkB_Module.m): This script  generates the  output of active nuclear concentration of NFkB in response to Poly I:C Input I and II as described in the Section: Model Development. It stores the results in external file "extracted_values.txt".
2. Interferon Regulatory Factor 3 Signaling(IRF3_Module.m): This script  generates the output of active nuclear concentration of IRF-3 in response to Poly I:C Input I and II as described in the section: Model Development. It stores the results in external file "extracted_values.txt".
3. External File(extracted_values.txt): This file stores the output of "NFkB_Module.m" and "IRF3_Module.m" under four heads: Poly I:C Index, Time Index, IRF-3 values, and NFkB values respectively. To properly store the output of the MATLAB scripts to external file, "IRF3_Module.m" should be run first followed by "NFkB_Module.m", under the headings specified in the external file.
4. Promoter Binding Activity of NFkB (InterferonMRNA_NFkB.m): This file extracts the values of NFkB stored in the "extracted_file.txt" and calculates the IFN mRNA level for the condition when only NFkB is bound upstream of IFN genes.
5. Promoter Binding Activity of IRF-3 (InterferonMRNA_IRF3.m): This file extracts the values of IRF-3 stored in the "extracted_file.txt" and calculates the IFN mRNA level for the condition when only IRF-3 is bound upstream of IFN genes.
6. Promoter Binding Activity of NFkB and IRF-3 (InterferonMRNA_Combined.m): This file estimates the total level of IFN mRNA in the case when both IRF-3 and NFkB are bound upstream after extracting the values of IRF-3 and NFkB stored in the "extracted_file.txt".    
